Aqualad also known as Tony rich tell us
about this packaging oh nice packet
mostly plastic a little bit card fully
all sealed I mean it's a big step from
the all regular card back of the old
smaller figures right as a 4 inch bigger
and this is this is a full six inch big
year what also comes seem to comfort for
like a lot of like playset areola yeah
yeah there's more there's more of heads
like figure stand and and different
accessories to come along with it to the
back what does it really was a saying
about his bio here is this cartoon but
yeah this cartoon cartoon what is his
name here it's calderone count of around
kaldur'ahm calda ramp okay yeah this
back this intro it is actually really
unique i like both the comic book and
the cartoon a background story for
Aqualad it's a shame though he probably
doesn't exist in the current DC Universe
anymore at least he hasn't shown in
action yeah yeah so yeah at least me
Russia was going to happen so that's it
of the packaging is pretty support has
been open about that okay so here's
Aqualad outside the panic gene with all
this accessories rich take away okay
here as a we have acaba de a little
playset stand form that has this neat
little word they were his water all the
swords attached to you can bend this
thing to any which way you need to has a
little metal part of it that allows your
dependent and to touch us right into the
all the water holders now these could
also come out of his hand and they
actually go into his backpack like they
do in the show now those are they called
Water Bearers is that was something like
that yet the Water Bearers
should have Tony here that you know I
was even knowing much better than weed
it would is he like most of the DC
classic figures um you can move them all
which way he's got down side to side
feet arms hands biceps shoulders head
like everything just moves pretty nice
the waist size okay how does this go
blue scope is pretty nice especially
with the way they can deal with all they
all different joints of movement all
right what about the pain schemes here
oh the paint's pretty nice song you
don't see much marks on it the dark blue
I say that I could tell they did the
Water Bearer marks on his arms blue kind
of like when he closed in the show right
right normally they would be black okay
what about the sides here the gills
these heels of decent looking because I
says is drawn on there the wolf or what
they could do with it me what what's it
like actually etched it into it yeah
okay what does face here you get a good
look at his face what do you think of
that face is pretty nice it was a little
worried and tall but so he has some
asian look to him yeah cuz they're blue
eyes green hair green okay all right
Tony like that only because of a very
amount of different water pools okay
these are the existing accessories yeah
he has hung up he turned swords hammers
like most thing that he could make for
attacks okay now according to his
episode in young justice where they went
to
the background with him well what
exactly is his heel what's going on
either mystic from Miletus okay and
sorcery or whatnot but didn't he didn't
he drop out to be be a man's protege so
now he's actually he's like he's he's
studying under the king of Atlantis
right now basically yeah so and his
powers are very similar to to avatar the
last airbenders waterbending abilities
only he can actually use it yeah this
guy's abilities or more like like he can
use these as like offensive weapons
rather than using them as like a big
tides of water that generally a lot of
the the waterbenders use although that
like I arrow creative yeah they got
really creative yeah like Mara the way
Mary uses her abilities at this point
think the figure does look really nice I
this one has much more articulation than
the other Aqualad figure which I wish I
had as a comparison to show the two
right now but I honestly think the other
Aqualad figure looks much better than
this one yeah it is just because also
it's a DC direct but you're too so
that's probably why and the stand this
came in Kingland still it's really nice
all of the six inch figures from the
marble I'm sorry the DC Young Justice
toy line the stands they come in it is
really nice especially with all the
accessories they come with 2 i'm really
like impressed with all these so it is
really cool and what figure we both like
like really waiting for this coming out
pretty soon arsenal are red arrow one
quote red arrow yes yes that's a figure
we're both really really waiting for and
our friend brian is probably looking
forward as its mark a miss
martian figure yes we're even one as far
as them
like but there's never been one maid who
really thought there may have been one
made for 52 for the 5229 egg came out
but it's never done oh that's in this
figure is really nice said it should be
out in most stores although it took us a
while to find this one look we went to
like what how many targets before we
finally found this was like three
targets think you fit about five months
yeah for the figures at them since the
first time I came out yeah yeah we've
been finding your knees too that's true
Rob's yeah y-yeah no no one really wants
own really want sort of it is alright
that's it for this figure